readme.md, before:

<div style="text-align:center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Rickert41/Discord-Bot/main/utils/logo.png" /></div>  

# Hi, I'm Foxy!
Please [invite me](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=763801383693844511&permissions=8&scope=bot) to get me into your server! If you want acces to the moderator commands, make sure you have a role called *"Moderator"*

## What can I do?
When I'm hunting in the wild I don't want a lot of distraction, that's why I only listen to commands that start with *//*. That way you won't get irritated of me, and at the same time I can focus on other things. Even though I'm a fox I really enjoy looking at cute cats, memes and I love reading useless interesting facts. If you heve the same interests as me you should try some of the following commands in your own discord server.
* //meme
* //cat
* //nature
* //fact
* //catfact

### Some moderator commands
To prevent total chaos in your server there are some commands that only work when you have the role *Moderator*. These commands have more power and need more responsibility.
* //mute (player)
* //deafen (player)
* //unmute
* //undeafen

## Look at some code stuff
You can browse through this project if you are interested in the source code. In the [wiki](https://github.com/Rickert41/Discord-Bot/wiki) everything gets explained more in deapth.

# Licence
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

updated readme with installation guide

readme.md, after:

<div style="text-align:center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Rickert41/Discord-Bot/main/utils/logo.png" /></div>  

# Hi, I'm Foxy!
Please [invite me](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=763801383693844511&permissions=8&scope=bot) to get me into your server! If you want acces to the moderator commands, make sure you have a role called *"Moderator"*

## What can I do?
When I'm hunting in the wild I don't want a lot of distraction, that's why I only listen to commands that start with *//*. That way you won't get irritated of me, and at the same time I can focus on other things. Even though I'm a fox I really enjoy looking at cute cats, memes and I love reading useless interesting facts. If you heve the same interests as me you should try some of the following commands in your own discord server.
* //meme
* //cat
* //nature
* //fact
* //catfact

### Some moderator commands
To prevent total chaos in your server there are some commands that only work when you have the role *Moderator*. These commands have more power and need more responsibility.
* //mute (player)
* //deafen (player)
* //unmute
* //undeafen

## Look at some code stuff
You can browse through this project if you are interested in the source code. In the [wiki](https://github.com/Rickert41/Discord-Bot/wiki) everything gets explained more in deapth.

# Edit code locally
If you want to edit this locally on your own device you need to clone this code. Get started by creating a project folder and cloning the files to that folder.
Use the terminal to get into your project folder and clone this repository.
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/Rickert41/Discord-Bot.git
```
Change directory to the cloned folder.
```bash
$ cd Discord-Bot
```
Create a new file, named *".env"*, and paste the content of the *".env.example"* into that new file. You will also be pasting your own bot token into the .env file. To do this you must create an application at the [Discord development portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications), navigate to *"Bot"* via the menu and replace *"YOUR_BOT_TOKEN_HERE"* in your .env file with your own token. This token is personal, so don't share it with others. If your token gets leaked it gives other people the ability to change bot permissions.

# Licence
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
